Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today is Monday, February the
23rd, and this is the Moneyball Morning
Report. My name is Anry Band. Charts by
Trendpider. Gamma Flows by Menthther Q.
We're going to start with taking a look
at the E- Mini S&P. This is the 30
minute. I'll show you what I saw. But if
we go back to our daily, we can see that
we are still very rangebound even after
all of the news that came through the
weekend and
uh particularly on Friday with the
tariff decisions. But the more you dig
into that,
the more you see that what the ruling
was was, hey, you checked the wrong box.
So,
um, that's still up in the air. Now,
what have we seen in the overnight as we
come down into the 30-inut chart, 30
minute candlestick
really was
fairly big for a 30-minute candlestick.
I have it boxed off. The very
interesting thing is that we faded all
the way down back into our 6865 area. So
this zone here is now really shaping up
as the go no-go line in terms of buyers
going to try really hard to keep us
above the line. Sellers will retain
dominance below the line. Interestingly
enough, we've got a huge demand zone at
our last 6850
and we rose above that creating another
demand zone in the overnight. Now, of
course, volume is light. We're seeing
smaller motions, but this is what we are
looking at. And so, in uh market kickoff
yesterday, I said, "Hey, I'm going to
watch for this 68.885 85 to give me a
level to trade the 68856887.
And it did, but only a few points. Now,
here's how the price action looked when
it hit it the first time. Trend down,
momentum down, and so I knew the bounce
would be counter trend. Coming up
against it this time, notice VWAP
holding me as support. I've got trend
up. That's the very thin line that you
can see in the background if you can see
it at all.
And momentum up. So that gave me the
clear shot of that's where the long
comes and 6905 6907
where the first shot to the upside was
attempted
that um that is the exit point. So, very
nice ride upwards there. What are we
looking at? I did a 30 minute
measurement and I cloned it and then
cloned it again. Beautiful target action
coming right into that 6860
zone. It really was
textbook a textbook bounce telling me
that price action is still moving in
some sort of mild rhythm. This moving
average I think is a little too
um a little too light.
Let me make it just a bit bigger.
We can see it there. All right.
Okay. So, where do we go above? So max
pain today
for the ES
is sitting right interestingly at value
area high
call still at 7,000
still at 7,000 foot wall still at 6700
okay and these are the big put walls the
intraday put walls move a lot so I don't
talk about them very much the Big things
to watch. Value area high 6924.
Point of control 6917.
VWAP for the range 68.889.
And then value area low 6873.
So those are some good lines to work
with. I imagine that we go sideways
until this gets sorted, right? But trend
is up. We're sitting above the moving
averages. So dips are going to be buy
zones in general. The key dips now look
like 68.885 and 6865
thereabouts.
Potentially bullish day. A lot of the I
mean Lance Roberts said, "Hey, we're
looking for big what potential big
bounce." Um,
Brent at Spot Gamma said the same thing.
The chains look pretty negative to me.
So, I'm not sure what it is that they're
seeing alto together, but, you know,
could be bouncy. And certainly, I'm not
going to dig my feet in the sand about
where it is I think price is going. It
could go just about anywhere. But as we
take a look here at the NQ, you can see
all of this supply up here. Resistance
coming in. 25,000
is that alert line that we have above or
below. Value area high 25,032.
This gamma wall here moves us between uh
negative and positive flow. It's a
pretty high. I think that's fairly
interesting. Take a look at where these
walls are. Look at how far away they
are. 26,000
for the call wall, 24,000
for the put wall. So this put wall has
moved between 24,000 and 24,500 and then
24,000 and 24,500.
So it's moved around over the last
couple of months right around this zone.
the the call wall has also moved around
by about 500. It's come in a little bit.
It's moved out, but this is a very wide
wall. And it's because of all the
reporting that's going to occur this
week, particularly Nvidia.
And if somebody says Nvidia one more
time, I'm going to go crazy. It's
Nvidia. But I digress. Let's move along.
Notice the measured move 30 minute
here and cloned and then cloned again.
It stopped a little shy of the measured
move and buyers came in around this
24,800.
We have been seeing
24,750
as that line. Now it looks like 24,800.
The value area low 24,780.
Value area high again up there a little
over 25,000 near the big gamma wall
above below here. Well, I mean, you
know, we're going to have to use the
pre-market low. I think 24,800
or so. But dips look like buys. They
look like buys. And so, what do we want
to stare down? We want to look at
this line. What is this line? Okay,
that's another gamma line. Oh, that's
the putsy zero DTE put.
The zero DT put wall is here at 24,900.
That might be a pretty good line to say,
you know, let's give it a shot for the
first pass long
market is uh a lot of the voices I
listen to that give me moves in the
market, but they are saying we've got
this bullish action on the horizon. I I
don't I really do not see it. And I
don't see it for a couple of reasons,
but
the fact that Bitcoin slipped through
this 65,800
area, I mean, with
with Ephesus gives me um
a little bit of pause about a big bounce
holding, but it's neither here nor
there. What is current trend right now?
It's up. We are above the VWAP. We are
above the moving average. Momentum is
high, but
still in a space where it's not going to
lead you all the way up there.
I would not be surprised to see it come
back to 65,400
maybe even where the demand zone
and the the demand area is at 65,000
even. That actually is a pretty good
alert. Let's put that one there. That's
the line in the sand. A lot of demand
came in. Where is the target zone? Well,
look at where the 30 minute formation
is. All the way up here. value area high
near 68,000.
Lots of supply up there. It's been up
there for days. So, breaking through it,
we're going to need a lot of thrust. So,
the pullbacks certainly are buy zones.
The go no-go line 65,000. And then if we
lose that ledge,
see that lower high break? I don't know
if they were shaking. we cans out
because it is holding pretty solidly
from this 63,000.
But that would be the next spot. 64,000
actually. And then
this area at 61,500
or so, right? That's really what they're
looking at. Really trying to hold trend
and lift off the floor. But this chart
is continually making lower highs and
lower lows. And you know that I believe
this is how liquidity is being measured
in the market. And as long as this trend
stays down, it's hard for me to say,
"Hey, listen. I I think we're going to
have ourselves a bounce." I just a a
solid bounce. I just don't see it. But
as it is, it is what it is. It is what
it is. I am not going to die on that
hill of further downside. All right,
let's take a look at oil.
oil gapped down and uh the top step
charts were super weird because this
this candlestick showed up as
a down candle which
obviously it was not. I don't know if
they've corrected it but that's it's
bizarre that that was totally wrong. But
anyways, we just filled the gap in oil.
Every dip is going to be bought
in oil in my mind in the near term. In
the near term. So what might we be
looking at today? Well, trend is a
little bit down. This is the first trend
break. So expectations here
take me to value area high which is
about $66.70.
Momentum could stay solid there. So we
really have to make sure that we see
this pattern um
defending to this upside. I I would not
be surprised to see the traders bring it
back to value area low, which is about
$65.70
or so.
Let's
take these wicks into consideration.
Let's make an alert 6575
and then a lot of supply up here. There
is a number at 6550,
but we might easily hold 6575. That
would be the area I would suggest would
make a clean long trade with about 25
cents of risk. That looks pretty solid.
Where would it go? Well,
this is one up from the rectangle. I
first 30 minutes I see it heading all
the way up here. It could it could
easily head up here. So this is
let's do an alert here. And this number
is 6690ish.
That would be the old break.
We'll see what happens. I think the
saber rattling is pretty loud. So, we
could easily shift to the north. Easily
shift to the north. That being said,
it's very hard to stay up here if you
with this stoastic RSI. It's especially
for oil. It does do it. You can see that
it did it in the past
through this gigantic move, but the
trend formation isn't quite looking like
that. If it starts looking like that,
you know, we're going to walk through
the measured move event.
Let's see where the walls are. Holy
smokes. Okay, the wall, the put wall has
risen. It was 57 for a while. It's now
60 and the call wall is at 70. So, they
are positioned for volatility. It's very
very wide wide volatility band in
oil.
A quick look at silver.
Whoops. Wrong contract. Forgive me.
Sorry, I didn't mean to blow raspberry
in your ear.
Okay, so here we are.
Wow.
Well, these guys are upside down here in
silver put wall above the call wall. Uh,
that should not be, but it's running
pretty hot again since Friday. Moving
pretty hot. Gotten into a little bit of
sideways pressure.
This whole box is inventory.
The whole box is inventory. It's hard to
use a 30 minute candlestick with silver
because it's so volatile, but it still
does work.
You just have to be careful about those
edges because they can slip over the
edge pretty easily. big supply zone
showing up at around $88,
which is also the daily max reading from
MenthQ in terms of the max position move
that the expectations were for silver
today. So, it's already sitting at max.
Um,
yeah. So, we'll see what happens here. I
don't want to touch that right now, but
if you're so inclined,
maybe $85 gives you the first buy zone
and then potentially,
you know, 8250.
8250. All right, let's go to gold.
Gold has a little bit of the same
formation. its relative move has been uh
higher because it's just it did not fade
the way that silver did, but it's pretty
hot. And so remember, if these things
start running really hot,
COMX is going to come in and
change the margins again. Not maybe not
right now, but don't forget that they
could. And that's going to take a lot of
speculation out of the market. So, here
we go. What are we staring down? First
30-minute formation was very big and the
measured move up gave us a 50% move
and held that just under 5200. The call
wall is at 5220.
The put wall
is at 4700.
So a lot of the traders do not expect
the break of this wall. If this wall
breaks,
we could run very hot to the north one
more time uh in the near term. So what
are we staring down? A trend that is
pretty parabolic but sideways pressure
in the overnight. We are now just
testing the top of the 30 minute chart.
Momentum is
positive
but trend is flat. That gives us
sideways action.
Pull back in at 5130.
Um the next zone that looks like a
pretty solid buy
this area here is the zero DTE put wall
today and that is 5120.
The long that I took last night that
triggered did very nicely. I did stop it
at the top of the 1 hour candlestick
which was around 5190.
So that was that was a really nice
trade. So 5165ish
or so to 5190. Very nice trade. And then
it pulled back pretty hard. Pretty hard.
So we're still going to be looking for
that pullback of support. Notice how far
away the trend line is. We could fade to
the bottom of that 30 minute box
before we move forward again.
Above below 5130
is uh the line in the sand. Let's take a
look at spy.
SPY
is the one thing that actually looks
like it could break to the north a lot
better than the ES or the NQ or anyone
else. Max pain is around this 690 number
and so the expansion away from it in
either direction is going to act like a
magnet. The put wall
675.
The call wall still 700 here. Overall,
I mean we're still in this big heavy
congestion space. We could easily come
all the way back to the top. Remember,
we're just a couple of percentage points
from all-time highs. And so, price
action could send us right back into
this range
before we head down again. I I just see
us very congested at this juncture. Just
very, very congested. So, what do we
want to do here? Well, we're battling at
resistance zones.
But we've got strong momentum and we've
got strong trend. So dips or buys. So
where's the best dip? Look at the piano
keys that
have come up
through the course of the day yesterday.
I'm not sure why there's not a new
candle printing here yet, but it looks
fairly it looks fairly bullish in
general, right? Let me refresh and see
if that is the problem.
We should have candle sprinting here,
but I don't see them. All right,
wherever they are, dips are buys. And so
we can stare down
this trend line
that's sharp and realize that our
support zones near 685,
last week's max pain number, is now
clean support. It's it's very clean
support. So let's draw a line right
there. Create an alert and we'll see
what gives. Okay. All right, everyone.
That's it for me. I will see you on the
streams later today. Group coaching and
you know we've got our midday money ball
report on the Benzinga Pro platform.
I'll see you soon.